Snapshot repository (#101)
hallgren/eventsourcing: README.md

The memory based event store is part of the main module and does not need to be fetched separately.

> ### Custom made event store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom event store
```

> If you want to store your events in another database beside the already implemented event stores: `sql`, `bbolt`, `esdb` or `memory`, you can implement a custom made event store. It has to implement the following  interface to support the eventsourcing.Repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to store events in a database beside the already implemented event stores (`sql`, `bbolt`, `esdb` and `memory`) you can implement, or provide, another event store. It has to implement the `EventStore`  interface to support the eventsourcing.Repository.
```

```go
type EventStore interface {
    Save(events []core.Event) error
    Get(id string, aggregateType string, afterVersion core.Version) (core.Iterator, error)
}
```

The event store needs to import the `github.com/hallgren/eventsourcing/core` module that expose the `core.Event`, `core.Version` and `core.Iterator` types.

## Serializer

> To store events they have to be serialised into `[]byte`. Default the `encoding/json` is used but it could be replaced on the repository by setting the `repo.Serializer` and `repo.Deserializer` function properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To store events they have to be serialised into `[]byte`. By default the `encoding/json` is used but it could be replaced on the repository by setting the `repo.Serializer` and `repo.Deserializer` function properties.
```

s.Close()
```

## Snapshot

> If an aggregate has alot of events it can take some time fetching it's event and building the aggregate. This can be optimised with the help of a snapshot. The snapshot is the state of the aggregate on a specific version. Instead of iterating all aggregate events only the events after the version is iterated and used to build the aggregate. The use of snapshots is optional and is exposed via the snapshot repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an aggregate has a lot of events it can take some time fetching it's event and building the aggregate. This can be optimized with the help of a snapshot. The snapshot is the state of the aggregate on a specific version. Instead of iterating all aggregate events, only the events after the version is iterated and used to build the aggregate. The use of snapshots is optional and is exposed via the snapshot repository.
```

### Snapshot Repository

> The snapshot repository is used to fetch and save aggregates based snapshots and events (if there is events after the snapshot version). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snapshot repository is used to fetch and save aggregate-based snapshots and events (if there are events after the snapshot version). 
```

The snapshot repository is a layer on top of the event repository.

```go
NewSnapshotRepository(snapshotStore core.SnapshotStore, eventRepo *EventRepository) *SnapshotRepository
```

```go

> // fetch the aggregate baesd on it's snapshot and the events after the version of the snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// fetch the aggregate based on its snapshot and the events after the version of the snapshot
```

GetWithContext(ctx context.Context, id string, a aggregate) error

> // only fetch the aggregate snapshot and not any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// only fetch the aggregate snapshot and not any events
```

Other comments don't end with a dot (`.`)

GetSnapshot(ctx context.Context, id string, a aggregate) error

> // Store the aggregate events and after the snapshot

Reviewer: Non-consistent use of capitalization of start of sentences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// store the aggregate events and after the snapshot
```

Save(a aggregate) error

// Store only the aggregate snapshot. Will return an error if there are events that are not stored on the aggregate
SaveSnapshot(a aggregate) error

> // expose the underlaying event repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// expose the underlying event repository.
```

> EventRepository() *EventRepository

Reviewer: Is `EventRepository` an interface? If so, does it make sense to return a pointed to an interface implementation (which already may be a pointer type)?

Reviewer: NVM, it's a struct

> // register the aggregate in the underlaying event repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// register the aggregate in the underlying event repository
```

Register(a aggregate)
```

### Snapshot Store

Like the event store's the snapshot repository is built on the same design. The snapshot store has to implement the following methods.

```go
type SnapshotStore interface {
	Save(snapshot Snapshot) error
	Get(ctx context.Context, id, aggregateType string) (Snapshot, error)
}
```

> Currently there is only one snapshot store and its only storing snapshots in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently there is only one snapshot store and it's only storing snapshots in memory.
```

### Unexported aggregate properties

As unexported properties on a struct is not possible to serialize there is the same limitation on aggregates.
To fix this there are optional callback methods that can be added to the aggregate struct.

```go
type SnapshotAggregate interface {
	SerializeSnapshot(SerializeFunc) ([]byte, error)
	DeserializeSnapshot(DeserializeFunc, []byte) error
}
```

> Exampel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example:
```

```go
// aggregate
type Person struct {

>     eventsourcing.AggregateRoot
> 	unexported string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	eventsourcing.AggregateRoot
	unexported string
```

}

// snapshot struct
type PersonSnapshot struct {
	UnExported string
}

// callback that maps the aggregate to the snapshot struct with the exported property
func (s *snapshot) SerializeSnapshot(m eventsourcing.SerializeFunc) ([]byte, error) {
	snap := snapshotInternal{

> 		UnExported: s.unexported,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Unexported: s.unexported,
```

`UnExported` is actually a typo
